wine{boot, server, cfg, dbg}: add page (#22992)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/wineserver.md

# wineserver

> Manage the Wine server, the daemon that backs each Wine prefix.
> More information: <https://manned.org/wineserver>.

> - [k]ill the current Wine server, terminating all of its Wine processes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Kill the current Wine server, terminating all of its Wine processes:
```
Mnemonics are not needed here. The longform already explains what the k is short for

`wineserver {{[-k|--kill]}}`

> - [w]ait until the current Wine server has finished:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Wait until the current Wine server has finished:
```

`wineserver {{[-w|--wait]}}`

> - Keep the server [p]ersistent so it does not exit when the last process closes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Keep the server persistent so it does not exit when the last process closes:
```

`wineserver {{[-p|--persistent]}}`

- Display version:

`wineserver {{[-v|--version]}}`

- Display help:

> `wineserver {{[-h|--help]}}`

Reviewer: These are wrong way around.
